Abaca Basket:A basket hand-woven locally using Abaca fibers.This abaca rope basket can be used as a storage bin, table center piece, wood basket or even as a hamper.:80.00
Baguio Strawberry Jam:Made with whole, preserved strawberries and a kick of sugar to give you a taste of Baguio. Perfect when spread on toast for breakfast or merienda, or even as a topping for other desserts! Enjoy it with cookies, crepes, oatmeal and more. A well-loved classic favorite! Comes in a 12oz glass bottle.:320.00
Cebu Dried Mangoes:Made from the sweetest Philippine mango or Cebu mango, this decades-old Dried Mango family recipe is perfect for a quick snack or as a pasalubong.:139.00
Colorful Hand Woven Bags:Locally hand-woven bags based on native tribal patterns of Mindanao using Rattan Fibers.:150.00
Crystal Seas bag:Crystal Seas is a manufacturing company that preserves and promotes traditional materials such as handwoven textiles, natural fibers, shells and metalcraft translated into contemporary designs in lifestyle bags. Each design tells the story of time-honored heritage of weaving and embellishment, and the artisans who crafted each piece.: 750.00
Ethnic Apparel:Outer garments made to portrait native art and culture.:70.00
Handcrafted Bamboo Handbag:Locally hand-woven bags based on native tribal patterns of Mindanao using Bamboo Fibers.:150.00
Jeepney_Figurine:A miniture model of the famous Philippine Jeepney. Take the jeepney memories wherever you go.:50.00
Land of the Dreamweavers purse:South Cotabato adapted the title, Land of the Dreamweavers to promote the province’s tribal weavers of the T’nalak fabric of the T’boli tribe. It is a tradition that the woven designs of the fabric are inspired by the dreams of women weavers.:90.00
Local Banig:A traditional handwoven mat of the Philippines predominantly used as a sleeping mat or a floor mat. Depending on the region of the Philippines, the mat is made of buri, pandanus or reed leaves. The leaves are dried, usually dyed, then cut into strips and woven into mats, which may be plain or intricate.:990.00
Mindanao Pattern Designed Bags:Hand Made bags with design based on tribal patterns of Mindanao.:80.00
Mindanao Ethnic Beads:Beads patterned to portrait native art and culture.The patterns represent different animals and symbols recreated in painting and cloth.:70.00
Mindanao Rattan Bags:A bag hand-woven locally using Rattan ropes.:80.00
Mixed_nuts:A kilogram bag of trail-mix conmpsed of different local grown nuts.:180.00
Tricycle Figurine:A miniture model of the famous Philippine Jeepney. Take the jeepney memories wherever you go.:50.00
Washable_FaceMask:Washable facemasks with design based on tribal patterns of Mindanao.:30.00
